Assembly question
=================
Two students, Eddie and Minlan, are working separately on a problem set in their introductory CS class. For one of the questions, they wrote up a C++ function that performs a certain task, as specified in the problem. Unfortunately, before they could submit their solutions, they accidentally deleted their source files! They do, however, still have access to their binary executables. Sadly, they haven't yet learnt assembly and seek your help in reverse engineering their respective implementations. 

Eddie's implementation (`func_eddie`):

```assembly
.LFB30:
	endbr64
	pushq	%rbp
	pushq	%rbx
	subq	$0x8, %rsp
	movl	%edi, %ebx
	testl	%edi, %edi
	je	.L2
	cmpl	$0x1, %edi
	je	.L2
	leal	-0x1(%rdi), %edi
	call	func_eddie
	movl	%eax, %ebp
	leal	-0x2(%rbx), %edi
	call	func_eddie
	leal	0x0(%rbp,%rax), %ebx
.L2:
	movl	%ebx, %eax
	addq	$0x8, %rsp
	popq	%rbx
	popq	%rbp
	ret
 ```

Minlan's implementation (`func_minlan`):

```assembly
.LFB31:
	endbr64
	testl	%edi, %edi
	jne	.L18
	jmp	.L14
.L20:
	leal	(%rdx,%rsi), %edx
	subl	$0x1, %edi
	je	.L19
	movl	%eax, %esi
.L18:
	movl	%edx, %eax
	cmpl	$0x1, %edi
	jne	.L20
	ret
.L19:
	ret
.L14:
	movl	%esi, %eax
	ret
```

(a) Although their implementations (and possibly even function signatures) may differ, both `func_eddie` and `func_minlan` were written to solve the same problem. What was likely the problem set question for which Eddie and Minlan came up with these solutions (i.e., what do the functions compute?)?

(b) How many arguments do each of `func_eddie` and `func_minlan` take at most (assuming there are no unused arguments)?

(c) Implement `func_eddie` and `func_minlan` in C++ so that they resemble the original solutions of Eddie and Minlan. Note that neither Eddie nor Minlan used any loops in their functions.

(d) Whose implementation do you think is better? Explain briefly.
