Storage question
================
So far in this unit, we have looked at caches involving speeding up data retrieval from slow storage such as when reading from or writing to a file. Another type of cache involves speeding up slow *computation* by storing the results of expensive function calls in a cache and returning the cached value when the function is called on the same inputs again. This process is also called **memoization**.

Memoization is especially useful when a function is recursive to avoid having to recompute subproblems several times. For example, consider the Fibonacci sequence 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, ..., where each term is the sum of the previous two terms. Here's a recursive algorithm that computes the `n`th term of this sequence:

```c++
int fibonacci(unsigned int n) { 
    if (n <= 2) {
        return 1; 
    }
    return fibonacci(n - 1) + fibonacci(n - 2); 
} 
```

(a) Notice how the two recursive calls are recomputing the same values multiple times? Improve upon this by modifying the above code to use a cache that stores previously computed values. Assume that the user will be reasonable in terms of the input size and that you don't have to worry about restricting memory usage.

(b) In real life contexts, it may be useful to limit the number of cache slots to some fixed constant to avoid using up exorbitantly large amounts of memory.

Imagine you have implemented your memoization cache for the `fibonacci` function using 3 slots (i.e., you can store up to 3 values at a time). In this context, let's think of a reference string as a sequence of inputs to the function rather than a sequence of addresses. 

Consider the reference string: 1 2 4 1 2 3 6 4

Using the usual definitions of hit/miss, and using the FIFO eviction policy, what will be the "miss rate" for this reference string?

(c) However, in this context, simple hits/misses (defined based on merely whether a value is in the cache or not) may not be the best metric of performance. Briefly explain why.

(d) Define a new metric **memo miss** of an argument to the `fibonacci` function as the number of sums that need to be computed on that input to the function, and **total memo miss** as the sum of memo misses for all values in the reference string. For example, with no caching, the memo miss of `n` = 5 will be 4. What is the "memo miss rate" (defined as the ratio of the total memo miss with caching to that without caching) of the same reference string as in part (b), with the same policy?
