Data representation question
============================
(a) Suppose you have two memory addresses to locations in the heap as shown below:
```c++
uintptr_t ptr1 = 0x1e69ef0;
uintptr_t ptr2 = 0x1a4b150;
```
Then, **what will be the value of the bitwise XOR of `ptr1` and `ptr2`?** You may report your answer in binary or hexadecimal.

(b) Now take your result from part (a) and compute the bitwise XOR with `ptr1`: **what do you get?** Report your answer in hexadecimal. What do you notice about the resulting value?

(c) After weeks of hard work implementing a debugging memory allocator for problem set 1, you finally have a fully functioning program. As part of your implementation, you used a `struct` called `metadata` to store metadata for each allocation internally (in a block of memory immediately preceding the payload block returned to the user). Your code has been reproduced below; **what is the size and alignment of your `struct` on a 64-bit machine?**

```c++
struct metadata {
    uintptr_t checksum;    // base address of metadata; acts as checksum
    size_t size;           // size of requested allocation in bytes
    const char* file;      // name of file requesting allocation
    long line;             // line number of call to allocation
    metadata* next;        // pointer to metadata of next block of allocated memory
    metadata* prev;        // pointer to metadata of previous block of allocated memory
    bool freed;            // flag indicating if block has already been freed
    char padding[15];      // padding
};
```

(d) Your blocks of metadata act as nodes in a doubly linked list so that you can traverse through them to check for memory leaks. You are currently storing a pointer each to the next metadata block and the previous one within your metadata, along with a global variable `metadata* front` that keeps track of the beginning of your linked list. However, before turning your problem set in, you realize that your `struct` is unnecessarily large, especially given that as many as 15 bytes are wasted as padding, and you wish to compress it. So, you decide to put your observations from part (b) to good use by altering the way in which you store the pointer address information, by getting rid of some redundancy.

Using this idea, **redefine your `struct` to reduce its size to the greatest extent possible** (while preserving its capability to act as a node in a doubly linked list and without modifying any of the other fields that store useful information like checksum, line number, etc.) and **specify the size of the resulting `struct`**.

NOTE: Ensure that your redefined `struct` also allows for a value of any datatype to be stored in the payload immediately after your metadata. Also be careful to define it in a way that prevents undefined behavior of any kind. Furthermore, make sure to add a comment to explain what will be stored by additional fields (if any) that you are adding to your struct, like you've done for the existing fields.
    
(e) Your original `m61_print_leak_report` function is reproduced below. **Modify it so that it uses your redefined `struct` instead.** 

```c++
void m61_print_leak_report() {
    for (metadata* metaptr = front; metaptr; metaptr = metaptr->next) {
        printf("LEAK CHECK: %s:%li: allocated object %p with size %lu\n", 
            metaptr->file, metaptr->line, metaptr + 1, metaptr->size);
    }
}
```
